design/Notes.md, before:

# YURIVANIA II

## Concept

- Josette the vampire facilitator is expanding the vampire quarter of the Midnight Palace.
- To do this, she has to oversee the construction of a new wing.
- To do that, she has to gather materials and craftspeople from the Palace and surrounding countryside.

- Gameplay and building are going to be along the lines of story mode in Mario Maker 2.
- Mechanics and setting will be inspired by Castlevania 2: Simon's Quest and Castlevania: Order of Ecclasia.
    - But with much less technical platforming and probably no combat.

## Building Materials

Building materials can either be gathered when navigating platforming challenges,
or they can be gotten as rewards for solving problems for the Palace's residents.

- Marble & Granite
    - Quarried by the demongirls
- Bamboo & Oak
    - Gathered by the harpies
- Shell & Porcelain
    - Uncovered by the skeletongirls
- Clay[REPLACE WITH SOMETHING ELSE]
    - Encountered by the plantgirls

## Collection Possibilities

- Material Collection Matrix
| Tribe | Found While Platrforming | Reward for Solving Problems |
| --- | --- | --- |
| Demongirls | Marble | Granite |
| Harpies | Oak | Bamboo |
| Skeletongirls | Shell | Porcelain |
| Plantgirls | Clay[REPLACE WITH SOMETHING ELSE] | Clay[REPLACE WITH SOMETHING ELSE] |

## Building Possibilities

- Material Choice Matrix
| Wall | Beam | Fittings |
| --- | --- | --- |
| Marble | Bamboo  | Shell  |
| Marble | Bamboo  | Porcelain  |
| Marble | Oak  | Shell  |
| Marble | Oak  | Porcelain  |
| Granite | Bamboo  | Shell  |
| Granite | Bamboo  | Porcelain  |
| Granite | Oak  | Shell  |
| Granite | Oak  | Porcelain  |

- Building States
    - 0: Unstarted - Thorny Field
    - 1: Cleared - Pile of Clay[REPLACE WITH SOMETHING ELSE]
    - 2: Under Construction - Frame & Foundation
    - 3: Under Construction - Walls & Beams
    - 4: Finished
        - 8 Varieties

- This would mean~
    - Drawing/Coloring 12 versions of the Hall
    - Wiring up 12 combinations

## Platrforming Regions

- **0: Old Vampire Quarter**
    - Species
        - Vampiregirls
    - NPC
        - *misc vampires*
    - Material
        - *none*
    - Theme
        - Home Base
    - Mechanics
        - Conversation
- **1: Skyclad Tower**
    - Species
        - Gorgons
    - NPC
        - Stheno
        - Lucy
    - Material
        - *none*
    - Theme
        - Central Hub
    - Mechanics
        - Basic Platrforming
- **2: New Wing Construction Site**
    - Species
        - Spidergirls
    - NPC
        - Festoon
    - Material
        - *none*
    - Theme
        - Building
    - Mechanics
        - Decision-Making
- **3: Palace Garden**
    - Species
        - **Plantgirls**
    - NPCs
        - *new*
        - Alraune
    - Material
        - Clay[REPLACE WITH SOMETHING ELSE]
    - Theme
        - Changing Langscape
    - Mechanics
        - Interaction
- **4: Inner Circle**
    - Species
        - **Demongirls**
    - NPCs
        - Rin~Rin
        - *NEW: Musclegirl Miner*
    - Material
        - Marble / Granite
    - Theme
        - Easy, Playground
    - Mechanics
        - Multiple Routes Through
- **5: Windswept Rooftops**
    - Species
        - **Harpies**
    - NPCs
        - *Hummbird Harpy*
        - Aello
    - Material
        - Bamboo / Oak
    - Theme
        - Rooftops
    - Mechanics
        - Run & Jump
- **6: Great Library**
    - Species
        - **Skeletongirls**
    - NPCs
        - *new*
        - Tibby
    - Material
        - Shell / Porcelain
    - Theme
        - Puzzles
    - Mechanics
        - Pick Up & Carry
- **7: Echoing Vaults & Glassy Tarn**
    - Species
        - **Merfolk**
    - NPCs
        - Kililtu
    - Material
        - *none*
    - Theme
        - Stretch Goal: Bonus Stage
    - Mechanics
        - All Prior in Combination


## Setting

- Ecclessia has:
    - Channel/Reef
    - Prison
    - Lighthouse
    - Mountains
    - Forests
    - Swamps
    - Training Hall
    - Hermitage
    - Cavern
    - Manor
    - Road
    - Monastery
    - Castle (Dracula's)

- Simon's Quest has:
    - Villages
    - Forests
    - Rivers with Boats
    - Rivers with Broken Bridges 
    - Rivers with Fixed Bridges
    - Manors
    - Caves
    - Swamps
    - Cemetaries
    - Ruins (Dracula's)
    - Abandoned Waterworks

Commit message:

Solves outstanding materials design problem
by replacing clay with glass and moving shell/porcelain to plantgirls.

design/Notes.md, after:

# YURIVANIA II

## Concept

- Josette the vampire facilitator is expanding the vampire quarter of the Midnight Palace.
- To do this, she has to oversee the construction of a new wing.
- To do that, she has to gather materials and craftspeople from the Palace and surrounding countryside.

- Gameplay and building are going to be along the lines of story mode in Mario Maker 2.
- Mechanics and setting will be inspired by Castlevania 2: Simon's Quest and Castlevania: Order of Ecclasia.
    - But with much less technical platforming and probably no combat.

## Building Materials

Building materials can either be gathered when navigating platforming challenges,
or they can be gotten as rewards for solving problems for the Palace's residents.

- Marble & Granite
    - Quarried by the demongirls
- Bamboo & Oak
    - Gathered by the harpies
- Shell & Porcelain
    - Uncovered by the plantgirls
- Glass
    - Blown by the skeletongirls

## Collection Possibilities

- Material Collection Matrix
| Tribe | Found While Platrforming | Reward for Solving Problems |
| --- | --- | --- |
| Demongirls | Marble | Granite |
| Harpies | Oak | Bamboo |
| Skeletongirls | Glass | Glass |
| Plantgirls | Shell | Porcelain |

## Building Possibilities

- Material Choice Matrix
| Wall | Beam | Fittings |
| --- | --- | --- |
| Marble | Bamboo  | Shell  |
| Marble | Bamboo  | Porcelain  |
| Marble | Oak  | Shell  |
| Marble | Oak  | Porcelain  |
| Granite | Bamboo  | Shell  |
| Granite | Bamboo  | Porcelain  |
| Granite | Oak  | Shell  |
| Granite | Oak  | Porcelain  |

- Building States
    - 0: Unstarted - Stary Sky
    - 1: Under Construction - Frame & Foundation
    - 2: Under Construction - Walls & Beams
    - 3: Finished
        - 8 Varieties

- This would mean~
    - Drawing/Coloring 11 versions of the Hall
    - Wiring up 11 combinations

## Platrforming Regions

- **0: Old Vampire Quarter**
    - Species
        - Vampiregirls
    - NPC
        - *misc vampires*
    - Material
        - *none*
    - Theme
        - Home Base
    - Mechanics
        - Conversation
- **1: Skyclad Tower**
    - Species
        - Gorgons
    - NPC
        - Stheno
        - Lucy
    - Material
        - *none*
    - Theme
        - Central Hub
    - Mechanics
        - Basic Platrforming
- **2: New Wing Construction Site**
    - Species
        - Spidergirls
    - NPC
        - Festoon
    - Material
        - *none*
    - Theme
        - Building
    - Mechanics
        - Decision-Making
- **3: Palace Garden**
    - Species
        - **Plantgirls**
    - NPCs
        - *new*
        - Alraune
    - Material
        - Shell / Porcelain
    - Theme
        - Changing Langscape
    - Mechanics
        - Interaction
- **4: Inner Circle**
    - Species
        - **Demongirls**
    - NPCs
        - Rin~Rin
        - *NEW: Musclegirl Miner*
    - Material
        - Marble / Granite
    - Theme
        - Easy, Playground
    - Mechanics
        - Multiple Routes Through
- **5: Windswept Rooftops**
    - Species
        - **Harpies**
    - NPCs
        - *Hummbird Harpy*
        - Aello
    - Material
        - Bamboo / Oak
    - Theme
        - Rooftops
    - Mechanics
        - Run & Jump
- **6: Great Library**
    - Species
        - **Skeletongirls**
    - NPCs
        - *new*
        - Tibby
    - Material
        - Glass
    - Theme
        - Puzzles
    - Mechanics
        - Pick Up & Carry
- **7: Echoing Vaults & Glassy Tarn**
    - Species
        - **Merfolk**
    - NPCs
        - Kililtu
    - Material
        - *none*
    - Theme
        - Stretch Goal: Bonus Stage
    - Mechanics
        - All Prior in Combination


## Setting

- Ecclessia has:
    - Channel/Reef
    - Prison
    - Lighthouse
    - Mountains
    - Forests
    - Swamps
    - Training Hall
    - Hermitage
    - Cavern
    - Manor
    - Road
    - Monastery
    - Castle (Dracula's)

- Simon's Quest has:
    - Villages
    - Forests
    - Rivers with Boats
    - Rivers with Broken Bridges 
    - Rivers with Fixed Bridges
    - Manors
    - Caves
    - Swamps
    - Cemetaries
    - Ruins (Dracula's)
    - Abandoned Waterworks
